OSDOCS-4502: Adding manifest list option to heterogeneous docs (#52612)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/multi-architecture-import-imagestreams.adoc

//Module included in the following assemblies
//
//post_installation_configuration/cluster-tasks.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="multi-architecture-import-imagestreams_{context}"]

= Importing manifest lists in image streams on your multi-architecture cluster 

> On a {product-title} {product-version} multi-architecture cluster, the image streams in the cluster do not import manifest lists automatically. You must manually change the default `importMode` option to the `PreserveOriginal` option in order to import the manifest list.

Reviewer: I feel like it might be better to lead with the second sentence. I think technically it is passive (I'm not 100% though). What do you think of:
```suggestion
On a {product-title} {product-version} multi-architecture cluster, you must manually change the default `importMode` option to the `PreserveOriginal` option in order to import the manifest list. The image streams in the cluster do not import manifest lists automatically. 
```
Or some version of this.

[NOTE]
====

> For this procedure to run successfully, the `referencePolicy.type` field of your `ImageStream` object must be set to the `Source` type. 

Reviewer: Do you think this should be an important since users have to do this in order for this to work?

Also, what do you think of rewording to:
```suggestion
The `referencePolicy.type` field of your `ImageStream` object must be set to the `Source` type for this procedure to run successfully. 
```
because I think with "For this procedure to run successfully" first makes it passive in the form of be + past participate (active/passive voice isn't my strong suit so I could be wrong).

Author: Thats a great point, I'll change it to Important. 

Hmmm I'm not sure if its passive, it is tough to tell bc the past participle of the present "run" is also "run" lol. 
But either way I like your suggestion of the sentence better, thank you!

[source,yaml]
----
referencePolicy:
    type: Source 
----
====

.Prerequisites 

> * You installed the Openshift CLI (`oc`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You installed the {product-title} CLI (`oc`).
```

.Procedure 

> * The following example command shows how to patch the `ImageStream` cli-artifacts so that the `cli-artifacts:latest` image stream tag is imported as a manifest list.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion for a small reword. Up to you if you want it.
```suggestion
* The following  command is an example for patching the `ImageStream` cli-artifacts so that the `cli-artifacts:latest` image stream tag is imported as a manifest list.
```

> * You can import the manifest list by updating the existing image stream tag. Use the following example cli artifacts to change the default `importMode` option and update the existing `ImageStream` file:

Reviewer 2: > The following example shows how to patch the ImageStream cli-artifacts so that the ImageStreamTag cli-artifacts:latest  is imported as a ManifestList.

Author: Thank you Alessandro! What do you think of this wording?

Reviewer 3: i don't think the wording is accurate Kelly. what Alessandro has is correct and reflects that when we patch the imagestream, we are patching a specific tag..so in that sense the `cli-artifacts:latest` tag is updated to import a manifestlist. the `latest` is not a type but an imagestream tag. an imagestream can have multiple tags. so , for example the user in this case could also add his/her own tag and set importMode to manifestlist in that tag and that specific tag would reflect a manifestlisted image whereas the other tags would be untouched

Author: Gotcha! The main thing I was trying to do was expand the `ImageStreamTag cli-artifacts:latest` statement becuase I now get that ImageStreamTag is describing the cli-artifact:latest but I think I got lost in which ones were objects and which one just needed to have a noun to describe it. 

I think I understand better now, thank you! Hmm, what about this: 

> The following example command shows how to patch the `ImageStream` cli artifacts so that the `cli-artifacts:latest` image stream tag is imported as a manifest list

Reviewer 3: that sounds good!

Reviewer 2: Just another dash between cli and artifacts: `how to patch the ImageStream cli-artifacts`.

+
[source,terminal]
----
oc patch is/cli-artifacts -n openshift -p '{"spec":{"tags":[{"name":"latest","importPolicy":{"importMode":"PreserveOriginal"}}]}}'
----

.Verification 

> * You can check that the manifest lists imported properly by inspecting the image stream tag. The following command will list all of the manifests inside the manifest list as well as the tag references. 

Reviewer: This sentence is tripping me up a bit. I'm not sure a good way to reword though without messing with the meaning.

> The following command will list all of the manifests inside the manifest list as well as the tag references.

Reviewer 3: right...it might be better just to say .. "The following command will list the individual architecture manifests for a particular tag"
